##### Chapter 3: Home

I cant wait to get home, thought aria. The fiddling had tired her to the point of extreme exhaustion. It was always curious to aria, how the fiddling and black train always seemed to take more of a tole on her than others. She lifted her glued eyes from the slime ridden ground of 78 sideways as to peak towards some of the surrounding area. Skipping and laughter, song and praise of the honorable. Celeberation and cheering, sex and fantastic entertainment. Why was she the only one whom the aformentioned activities drained. Satisfied with her glance she glued her eyes back to the metal watching one whole foot after whole foot step closer to something that she might consider home. An open door appeared after a mile and a half, which was decent luck. she pushes the door open but unexpectedly interrupts a hobbled boy and girl. Aria steps through the door

Aria: Hello

Aria begins unpacking her things and settles in a corner near the murky window to the right.

Hobled 1: Hey, how was the fiddling

After a few seconds of trying to understand the meaning of the question, and another few seconds of trying to come up with a suitable answer

Aria: good

Hobbled 2: Wow, thats great. Well looks like we're off to fiddle. Cant Wait!

As the hobbled couple leaves home, aria had a sudden curious thought "What if I found a place that only I was able to enter and leave" With a hurried shake of her head she resisted the thought. And a familiar guilt and disgust arose, more throw up in the mouth.

She would need to eat before her time of solitude

She opened her backpack and pulled out a life energy token

Walked out of the home to the community vending machine and restrooms. She inserted one life energy token and was rewarded with

- A new york strip steak cooked at a perfect medium rare with a red wine sauce, with garlic mashed potatoes turkey gravy, freshly steamed brocolli, an apple pie, a bottle of 30 year old barrel aged wine, fresh coffee beans a couple of fancy cheeses 2 bottles of purified water and a fruit tray.

- When reaching for her life tokens she realized that she dropped a few on the ground. "welp" she thought. Not really worth bending over to pick them up. Every day fiddling gave aria 20 life tokens, picking up dirty tokens didnt really make sense, as she would need to wipe them down before throwing them in a bag with the others.

- After a hurried pace back home aria began nimbling on her rations while as a smile began on her face. It was time for her puzzle. This was without a doubt the best thing about life, she opened her bag and pulled out the square figure. Multicolored and modular the cube was an endless source of enjoyment.

- More description of the rubicks cube and a hint at it being gifted to her) (Goes to sleep after pondering why she enjoys the puzzle so much)
